In this chapter we are going to talk about the theory behind now real networks.
So if we want to use deep learning for j as a library first of all we have to understand the topology
of our own networks.
We have to understand the role of activation functions.
We have to understand hyper paramita as such as learning great momentum and so on.
So this is what we are going to talk about in this given chapter.
So first of all now all networks consists of layers.
We have an input layer.
We have a hidden layer and we have an output layer.
This is what we have been talking about and this is what we have implemented in the second part of artificial
intelligence course.
OK so every node is connected to every node in the next layer as we can see the input layer Now drones
are connected to every single.
Now we're on in the next layer then the hidden layer.
Now drones are connected to every single.
Now we're on in the output layer and so on.
What's the big picture is that a little change in the W educated results in change in the output.
So training a network means adjusting the edges weights in the layers so that our and our own network
is able to make good predictions.
There are several hyper paramita as we come to such as the learning rate momentum and so on.
OK a good question is how to calculate the activations.
We just have to use this simple formula that if we have any activations x 1 x 2 x 3 up to X an and the
educates accordingly double you on double duty up to double you and that if we want to calculate the
activation for a given now we're on for example here if we want to calculate the activation of this.
Now on then we have to consider the activations in the previously years now roans and we have to consider
the double you edgeways.
And first of all we have to calculate the sum.
So the X Sabai times double you subside and we have to sum it up from 0 up to Ann and then we have to
apply the activation function.
You may pose the question that why is it important to use the activation function because without the
activation function it is just the linear combination of the inputs and educates.
Of course we would like to introduce some non-linearity and that's why we have to use the activation
function.
We are going to talk a lot more about activation functions don't worry.
Okay so what's extremely important that we need a data set.
It is like a machine learning algorithm that's able to define the relationship between the features
in the original data set.
So for example we have the x or logical relationship with two features.
X and Y zeros and ones and we have the labels x x or y.
This is going to be the x or logical relationship.
So we have a training dataset like this.
We feed the data to the network and check the output accordingly.
So because we have two features.
X and Y.
That's why we have to now Ronan's in the input layer or one in our own for X and the other on our own
for y.
Ok the output is going to be the x or logical relationship.
So we have to feed the data to the network and check the output accordingly.
There's going to be the resort so the production of our and our network and we know the exact result
we know from the data.
So we can define an error or which is the difference between the prediction made by the natural network
and the veil used in our data set which we know for certain.
And we can change the actuates according to this error or this is called back propagation.
This is what we have been discussing in the second part of artificial intelligence course.
OK.
Discourse is about to deepen our own networks.
What does it mean.
Deep now and that works.
It means that we have several hidden early years usually 25 hidden layers and because of this that we
have several hidden layers other problems may arise.
For example we have to choose the activation function very very carefully if we want to train a deep
now OWN network for a simple feed forward.
Now the network with just a single hidden layer we can use the sigmoid activation function but if we
are dealing with deep now all our networks will wait five to 10 hidden layers sigmoid activation function
is not going be the best solution possible.
So this is why we have to take a closer look at activation functions.
This is why we have to take a closer look at optimization methods and so on.
So the most important difference between singularly your feet forward now and that works and deepen
our networks is that deep never real networks contains several He didn't liras five to 10 hidden layers
and that's why other problems may arise.
This is what we are going to talk about.
Thanks for watching.